README.md, before:

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

These are the environment variables needed:

- **PACKAGE_JSON_URLS**: comma separated list of github urls to the raw content of the desired package.jsons, e.g. 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redradix/releases-notifier/master/package.json'
- **REDISTOGO_URL**: automatically generated by Heroku with the redistogo add-on
- **EMAILS**: comma separated list of emails to send the notification to
- **MINOR_DEPENDENCIES**: comma separated list of packages you want to receive notifications for minor releases too
- **SENDGRID_KEY**: see username and password in 'Settings'-> 'Reveal config vars' (*auto-generated with sendgrid add-on*), go to sendgrid.com and generate API key
- **SENDER_EMAIL**: email direction that sends you the email (*should have a domain whitelisted in Sendgrid*)
- **SENDER_NAME**: name for the email above

Add-ons needed:

- redistogo
- scheduler:standard (command: node index.js)
- sendgrid

Commit message:

Create step to step install instructions and improve README formatting

README.md, after:

## Install
- Click on the 'Deploy to Heroku' button
- There you can choose a name for your app and the location where it will run
- Then make sure it has automatically selected the add-ons stated below
- Config variables are to be filled in as stated below too (*except for SENDGRID_KEY* and REDISTOGO_URL*)
- Click of 'Deploy for Free'
- Wait for deploy to finish and click on 'Manage app'
- Go to 'Settings' -> 'Reveal config vars' and copy SENDGRID_PASSWORD and SENDGRID_USERNAME
- Go to [sendgrid.com](https://sendgrid.com) and log in with those credentials
- Click on 'Settings' -> 'API Keys' -> 'Create API Key' -> 'General API Key', set the name you want, give it full access to everything, and save
- Copy the generated key and paste it on SENDGRID_KEY, back on Heroku config vars
- Now go to 'Resources', desactivate 'web', and activate 'worker' (*using the pencils and the switchs*)
- Finally click on 'Heroku Scheduler' -> 'Add new job', fill in `node index.js`, frequency the one you want and save

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

### ENV variables needed

- **PACKAGE_JSON_URLS**: comma separated list of github urls to the raw content of the desired package.jsons, e.g. 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redradix/releases-notifier/master/package.json'
- **REDISTOGO_URL**: automatically generated by Heroku with the redistogo add-on
- **EMAILS**: comma separated list of emails to send the notification to
- **MINOR_DEPENDENCIES**: comma separated list of packages you want to receive notifications for minor releases too
- **SENDGRID_KEY**: see username and password in 'Settings'-> 'Reveal config vars' (*auto-generated with sendgrid add-on*), go to [sendgrid.com](https://sendgrid.com) and generate API key
- **SENDER_EMAIL**: email direction that sends you the email (*should have a domain whitelisted in Sendgrid*)
- **SENDER_NAME**: name for the email above

### Add-ons needed:

- redistogo
- scheduler:standard (command: node index.js)
- sendgrid
